INSTRUCTIONS

Players take turns to place
their pieces onto the empty
spots on the board.

If you form a line of 3
pieces (a Mill), click to
remove one of the other
player's pieces.

Pieces of a formed mill can't
be removed unless no other
piece are left on the board.

After all pieces are used,
the pieces on the board can
be moved.

Select one of your pieces and
move them to an adjacent
empty spot to move.

If you cannot make a valid
move, you lose.

If you are left with 3 pieces
your pieces will gain the
ability to 'fly' and can be
moved to any vacant spot on
the board.

If you remove the other
player's pieces till they
have less that 3 pieces
before they do it to you, you
win the game!